cloud: update doc for left navigation (#11568)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md

## Step 1: Go to the **Data Migration** page

> 1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) and choose the target project.
> 
> 2. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page for your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and choose your target project on the top of the left navigation bar.
```
